{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15540\viewh8360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \

\i\b Short Version:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i0\b0 \cf2 I agree that "better" is an appropriate word, but is there a bargain being struck here? Is the fine print written in a language we can speak yet?
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \
Long Version:\
I.
\i0\b0 \
There was a period where I spent a lot of time musing on the concept of an "event-object". \
\
This had its roots in thinking about keepsakes -- the objects that we hang on to because of the associations that they have, as much or more than the objects themselves. I basically began to wonder whether it was possible to kickstart this process, effectively creating an object that was exclusively a container for an experience of receiving it. (In practical terms this largely meant sending strangers unexpected things in the mail, but that's a story for another time.)\
\

\i\b II.
\i0\b0 \
One of the questions that was asked of me for an upcoming ExFM profile was which artists are my favorites. Because that's a question that's virtually impossible for me to answer, I took an oblique approach. The result was the list below.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i \cf2 A List of Musical Artifacts that have Survived at Least Five Changes of Address (In No Particular Order)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i0 \cf0 - 
\b Songs of Leonard Cohen
\b0 \'a0LP, \'93borrowed\'94 from a friend ca. 1987.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 - Cassette with\'a0
\b Repeater
\b0 \'a0on one side and\'a0
\b Changesonebowie
\b0 \'a0on the other, received in the mail in late 1990.\
- 
\b Beatles \'9165
\b0 \'a0through\'a0
\b Abbey Road
\b0 \'a0on vinyl, various provenances.\
- 
\b Kind of Blue
\b0 \'a0CD with 2nd Avenue Records (Portland, OR) price tag, purchased 1991-ish. [Note: tag partially removed, price unknown.]\
- 
\b 1975
\b0 \'a0(the Bothy Band\'92s first album) LP, which has simply always existed.\
\
As a rule, I still know when and where those objects came from. Their "contents" are more important to me than the object, of course, but each object is a particular instance, or expression, of those contents that is unique and storied: when I drop the needle and 
\i Suzanne
\i0  starts playing, it's the 
\i Suzanne
\i0  that I've been listening to for twenty five years.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 III.
\i0\b0 \
I still (selectively) buy music vinyl, because that's the format that I believe will still be playable on commodity hardware when my grandchildren find them in the attic years from now and start flipping through. There will be physical artifacts to discover, and those artifacts will have particular associations.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b IIII.
\i0\b0 \
Yes we are (or can be) participants in a way that was impossible in the very recent past, and that is a huge development, but I wonder whether there isn't reason to put some thought into what we might be losing as the physical object becomes optional.\
\
}